README.md, before:


<a  href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishant-jawla/"><img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/logo/linkedin.png" width="40" /></a> &nbsp; 
<a  href="https://www.instagram.com/iamnishantjawla/"><img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/logo/instagram.png" width="40" /></a> &nbsp; 
<a  href="https://twitter.com/jawla_nishant"><img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/logo/twitter.png" width="40" /></a>


<img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/nj2.gif">

<img align="left" src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/giphy.gif" width="150" />
<p align="center" widht="300"> I am pursuing my Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science & Engineering from KIET Group of Institutions.
I enjoy coding as well as designing.
Being consistent to my passion I've developed various web/mobile applications. I always push myself for exploring new and interesting things.
If not coding or designing you'll find me with my guitar or maybe in the world made of my story books.</p>

## Check out my [Portfolio Website](https://reverent-brahmagupta-2a7c77.netlify.app/)

<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/yU0vrGBTI6TKg/giphy.gif" width="350">

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **React, ReactNative Development**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Data Structures**

- 💙 I love **Designing and Developing**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Anything that make me learn something new🙌**

- 💬 Ask me about **Universe🔯 (I really read about it sometimes😅) or some tech book/series**

- 📫 How to reach me **Just text me on LinkedIn, Insta etc.**

- ⚡ Fun fact **If computer programming was a country it would be the third most diversive in the number of languages with 698, after Papua New Guinea and Indonesia whom each have 700 and 836 respectively**


<h1 align="center"></h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/git.png" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/bootstrap.png" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/cpp.png" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/css.png" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/express.png" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/html.png" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/js.png" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/linux.png" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/mongo.png" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/nodejs.png" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/python.png" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/windows.png" alt="windows" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>



<!-- ### Hi there 👋
- 🔭 I’m currently working on making 𝖜𝖊𝖇 𝕭𝖊𝖆𝖚𝖙𝖎𝖋𝖚𝖑.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning 𝙛𝙪𝙡𝙡-𝙨𝙩𝙖𝙘𝙠 𝙙𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙡𝙤𝙥𝙢𝙚𝙣𝙩. -->

<!--
**NishantJawla/NishantJawla** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NishantJawla&label=PROFILE+VIEWS)

Commit message:

Added details of the project on which I am currently working

README.md, after:


<a  href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishant-jawla/"><img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/logo/linkedin.png" width="40" /></a> &nbsp; 
<a  href="https://www.instagram.com/iamnishantjawla/"><img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/logo/instagram.png" width="40" /></a> &nbsp; 
<a  href="https://twitter.com/jawla_nishant"><img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/logo/twitter.png" width="40" /></a>


<img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/nj2.gif">

<img align="left" src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/giphy.gif" width="150" />
<p align="center" widht="300"> I am pursuing my Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science & Engineering from KIET Group of Institutions.
I enjoy coding as well as designing.
Being consistent to my passion I've developed various web/mobile applications. I always push myself for exploring new and interesting things.
If not coding or designing you'll find me with my guitar or maybe in the world made of my story books.</p>

## Check out my [Portfolio Website](https://reverent-brahmagupta-2a7c77.netlify.app/)

<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/yU0vrGBTI6TKg/giphy.gif" width="350">

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **React, ReactNative Development**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Data Structures**

- 💙 I love **Designing and Developing**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Anything that make me learn something new🙌**

-- Currently working on a website for my Podcast. <a href="https://github.com/NishantJawla/ACupof20">**clich here**</a> to check it out.

- 💬 Ask me about **Universe🔯 (I really read about it sometimes😅) or some tech book/series**

- 📫 How to reach me **Just text me on LinkedIn, Insta etc.**

- ⚡ Fun fact **If computer programming was a country it would be the third most diversive in the number of languages with 698, after Papua New Guinea and Indonesia whom each have 700 and 836 respectively**


<h1 align="center"></h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/git.png" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/bootstrap.png" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/cpp.png" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/css.png" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/express.png" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/html.png" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/js.png" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/linux.png" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> 
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/mongo.png" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/nodejs.png" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/python.png" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/NishantJawla/NishantJawla/blob/master/icons/windows.png" alt="windows" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>



<!-- ### Hi there 👋
- 🔭 I’m currently working on making 𝖜𝖊𝖇 𝕭𝖊𝖆𝖚𝖙𝖎𝖋𝖚𝖑.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning 𝙛𝙪𝙡𝙡-𝙨𝙩𝙖𝙘𝙠 𝙙𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙡𝙤𝙥𝙢𝙚𝙣𝙩. -->

<!--
**NishantJawla/NishantJawla** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NishantJawla&label=PROFILE+VIEWS)
